OSDOCS:17043_3#applying CQAs for Azure_1 (#103095)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-yaml-azure-stack-hub.adoc

endif::[]

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

> include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: Another instance where the attributes file needs to be removed, and where you should reach out to me if you're seeing issues with an attribute in a module heading not showing up

[id="machineset-yaml-azure-stack-hub_{context}"]
= Sample YAML for a compute machine set custom resource on {azure-short} Stack Hub

[role="_abstract"]
You can create a machine set on {azure-first} Stack Hub. By defining a YAML configuration with specific cluster IDs and provider details, you can automate the provisioning of specialized nodes.

The {azure-full} sample YAML defines a compute machine set that runs in the `1` {azure-short} zone in a region and creates nodes that are labeled with
ifndef::infra[]
`node-role.kubernetes.io/<role>: ""`.
endif::infra[]
ifdef::infra[]

> `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""`. It specifies a taint to prevent user workloads from being scheduled on infra nodes. After adding the `NoSchedule` taint on the infrastructure node, existing DNS pods running on that node are marked as `misscheduled`. You must either delete or link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6592171[add toleration on `misscheduled` DNS pods].

Reviewer: I see why you wanted to move this context about the `taints` param out of the description list. That said, I think "It" here can be misleading as it could arguably be mistaken as referring to other things than "The sample YAML". So I would just be more specific here:

```suggestion
`node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""`. The sample YAML specifies a taint to prevent user workloads from being scheduled on infra nodes. After adding the `NoSchedule` taint on the infrastructure node, existing DNS pods running on that node are marked as `misscheduled`. You must either delete or link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6592171[add toleration on `misscheduled` DNS pods].
```

    get machineset/<infrastructure_id>-worker-centralus1
----
ifndef::infra[]
`<role>`:: Specifies the node label to add.
`<infrastructure_id>-<role>-<region>`:: Specifies the infrastructure ID, node label, and region.
`<region>`:: Specifies the region to place machines on.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.zone` specifies the zone within your region to place machines on. Be sure that your region supports the zone that you specify.

Reviewer: I was going to say that this admonition is perhaps incorrectly indented under the DL item for the `<region>` value, but I can see how it would be juuuust related enough for it to work.

I would suggest a way to use `--` blocks around the description list and then adding the note after the closing `--` tag to make it indent one level higher, but that would require more untangling of the conditionalized DL just for this one minor formatting fix. So this can stay as-is, but lmk if you want more info on the fix I might suggest
